Introduction:

When our group first came together and brainstormed what exactly we should measure the neighborhoods by in order to select the "best," we all agreed that safety
is the most important factor for ensuring a high quality of life. From there, we decided to use datasets that all correlated to neighborhood safety. Safety is a
relatively broad subject, so our datasets pertaining to arrests, firearm seizures, and reported fires all connect while representing varied stastics. 

Conclusion Notebook
* Needs: one conclusion paragraph from each team member that summarizes their individual work / findings / reflections on their findings
* One intro from each team member talking about their motivation and their work's context
* Code necessary to run your metric / graph
* Type / copypaste your answer here and I'll put them all in one Jupyter markdown file

Sloane's Intro / Metric / Conclusion:

Intro:

In my opinion, safety is one of the most important factors in deciding the worth and quality of an area or neighborhood.
Having lived in around ten Pittsburgh neighborhoods throughout my life, I've lived in and around both "bad" and "good" areas.
I've heard countless stories about certain neighborhoods within Pittsburgh, been told what parts of town to avoid, and have
even felt the lingering effects of high neighborhood crime rates within my life personally. Keeping these experiences in mind,
I wanted to see which neighborhoods really are the safest based on how many arrests have taken place in each over the last 5 years.
Thus, I have selected the dataset "Pittsburgh Police Arrest Data" for analysis. I chose this dataset as arrest rates can be a good indicator
of crime and safety levels within an area.

Code:

import csv
import pandas as pd
import numpy as np
%matplotlib inline
import matplotlib.pyplot as mpl

crimedata = pd.read_csv("https://data.wprdc.org/datastore/dump/e03a89dd-134a-4ee8-a2bd-62c40aeebc6f")
vc = crimedata['INCIDENTNEIGHBORHOOD'].value_counts() 
vc.tail(10).plot(kind="bar", ylim=[0,45])
mpl.title("Neighborhoods with Lowest Amt. of Arrests")
mpl.xlabel("Neighborhoods")
mpl.ylabel("Arrests (2016-2021)")

Conclusion:




Aaron's Intro / Graph / Conclusion:

Intro:
  Growing up in Tijuana, the border city with San Diego, made me realize how important the safety in the neighborhood you live in is extremely important
I personally chose the fires reported in each neighborhood because that is something that affected me in Tijuana quite a lot. In neighborhoods I grew up
in, fires were always a big thing. We would always see a lot of fires all around the city, and it even got so bad that a paint factory caught fire, releasing
a bunch of chemicals into the area, and some of my friends being hospitalized by it. Not only that, but also as someone who saw the California wildfires as 
something "close" to me, that's why I thought that fires in each neighborhoods would be an important stadistic.

Code:

import pandas as pd
import numpy as np
%matplotlib inline
import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
fire = pd.read_csv(r'fire_incidents.csv')

data = fire["neighborhood"].value_counts()
data.tail(10).plot(kind = "bar", ylim = [0, 25])
plt.title("Fires in Neighborhoods")
plt.xlabel("Neighborhood")
plt.ylabel("Number of Fires")

Conclusion:

  While my data is not complete because the population of each neighborhood is not included in my dataset, I can assume from my analysis
that the "best" neighborhood in terms of fire occurrences is Mount Oliver Borough. With the data that was available from my dataset, Mount Oliver Borough is an
accurate answer to the question as it had the least amount of fires compared to every other neighborhood in the Pittsburgh area. I reached this conclusion by finding
the amount of fires in each neighborhood and comparing the fires' causes in the neighborhoods with the smallest amount. I also included the bar graph because, although
the neighborhood names are not legible, the graph displays the overall difference in the amount of fires for all of the neighborhoods.

Kevin's Conclusion:
